Our recent claims of a Galactic center feature in Fermi-LAT data at
approximately 130 GeV have prompted an avalanche of papers proposing
explanations ranging from dark matter annihilation to exotic pulsar
winds.  Because of the importance of such interpretations for physics
and astrophysics, a discovery will require not only additional data, but
a thorough investigation of possible LAT systematics.  While we do not
have access to the details of each event reconstruction, we do have
information about each event from the public event lists and spacecraft
parameter files.  These data allow us to search for suspicious trends
that could indicate a spurious signal.  We consider several hypotheses
that might make an instrumental artifact more apparent at the Galactic
center, and find them implausible.  We also search for an instrumental
signature in the Earth limb photons, which provide a smooth reference
spectrum for null tests.  We find no significant 130 GeV feature in the
Earth limb sample.  However, we do find a marginally significant 130 GeV
feature in Earth limb photons with a limited range of detector incidence
angles.  This raises concerns about the 130 GeV Galactic center feature,
even though we can think of no plausible model of instrumental behavior
that connects the two.  A modest amount of additional limb data would
tell us if the limb feature is a statistical fluke.  If the limb feature
persists, it would raise doubts about the Pass 7 processing of E > 100
GeV events.  At present we find no instrumental systematics that could
plausibly explain the excess Galactic center emission at 130 GeV.

